From the Innovation Department of the
Faculty of Engineering at Universidad
del Desarrollo, we focus on fostering
technological innovation with a
social impact perspective through
education, research, and the
development of advanced technological solutions
that address significant challenges
facing our society. We have
four pillars: the
Technology for
Society Research Center, where different
groups of
interdisciplinary professionals address projects
with impact throughout the country and the
region, with a strong focus on
scientific and technological development and
innovation to solve
latent challenges; Maker Campus, an
initiative focused on democratizing
computational thinking by bringing
tools and technology to
school contexts to foster innovation
from an early age, where
students can approach
applied engineering in social contexts and put
their skills into practice to
generate non-local technological paradigm shifts; and
a decentralized network of spaces
for linking, building
capacity, co-creating, and
implementing
technological solutions with local contexts and communities.
Our goal is to lead the
way in the creation and expansion of
sustainable and socially
responsible technologies that improve
people's quality of life and promote
sustainable development for the planet with a focus on
interdisciplinary collaboration and
research.  At Vanguardia, we are
committed to the idea that engineering is
at the service of creating and applying
technological solutions for a
better future.
[Applause]
[Music]